	This email application is to serve as a communication method between two or more parties. Additionally, we have created a space where users individually may choose to create a todo list to keep track of their everyday tasks. With this in mind, the application is to uphold the ethical responsibilities of information retention as we have a register page to first retain user information and our visual message at the bottom welcoming the user on our home and todo page. It also would uphold privacy protection through implementation of our authorization functions, so users are not allowed to change the url to peek into another's email home page and todo list; users are redirected to a different page if it is detected they have not logged in. The professional responsibilities of this application include making sure the website is easy to understand and easy to read. We have taken this into consideration through spacing and placeholder values in the input fields of the application. Overall, our ethical and professional responsibilities are consistent with our goal of user protection and easy navigation of our application.
	When it comes to considering the impact of engineering solutions to problems, we should also consider the scope of the problem. For example, our project has a small scope, and it is unlikely our project will do real good or harm, besides the value of learning for us team members, and so it will likely have a small impact. On the other end of the spectrum, take professional software engineers at a company like NASA. An engineer there might work on safely launching a human into outer space, a much wider scope. If they succeed, it is a huge achievement and helps to further scientific advancement. If they fail, the result could be a loss of human life. The scope is greater, so the impact, whether positive or negative, is greater as well. Often the impact is not as bad as literal loss of life, but when the problems have similarly large scope, these failures can be disastrous: take for instance the failure of FTX, which wiped out billions. On the other hand, there are successes such as the internet itself, which has been revolutionary for society. Engineering solutions have a wide range of impacts on the economy, the environment, and society itself, these impacts increasing in magnitude as the scope of the problem does.
